num_poliza string,
num_version double,
cve_prod_tecnico string,
cve_prod_comercial string,
cve_prod_venta string,
inexperi string,
des_inexperi string,
fefecreg decimal(11,3),
cdnegmul string,
des_cdnegmul string,
incabram string,
des_incabram string,
incobced string,
des_incobced string,
inexloss string,
cdnumrec string,
cdcomvta string,
poambaer decimal(11,3),
poajust2 decimal(15,3),
inpagcom string,
inpolcsf string,
des_inpolcsf string,
inplanoc string,
incobali string,
des_incobali string,
vatipcam decimal(15,3),
intabsin string,
ctvrspad decimal(8,0),
ingrupo string,
espolior string,
cddepgub string,
intadmin string,
inrefrma string,
des_inrefrma string,
dscoremp string,
cdconsum string,
dsdtonom string,
inprimin string,
incolasa string,
intiplan string,
des_intiplan string,
intabula string,
des_intabula string,
tctipcag string,
ctpolior string,
nudiacon decimal(3,0),
inpadesp string,
inniasor string,
cdpolior string,
fepagfin decimal(15,3),
edmaxacp decimal(8,0),
cdpolcsf string,
fesalmin decimal(8,0),
cdcamven string,
tcsegpla string,
des_tcsegpla string,
cdplcsfe string,
podespol decimal(11,3),
indcpcon string,
cdtipneg string,
des_cdtipneg string,
cdconsad string,
feeftopp decimal(11,3),
vaextman decimal(15,3),
dsnegemp string,
poajust3 decimal(15,3),
inprgcir string,
incvefam string,
tcelegib string,
des_tcelegib string,
feeftoor decimal(15,3),
fepagini decimal(8,0),
indedrma string,
cdranval string,
incobade string,
des_incobade string,
inforpag string,
des_inforpag string,
cdprteor string,
inpolcon string,
des_inpolcon string,
inesqesp string,
cddescto string,
des_cddescto string,
inrecpf string,
posinies decimal(15,3),
cdvenben string,
cdpolstp string,
porecpol decimal(11,3),
nuanpapr decimal(3,0),
tctisuas string,
des_tctisuas string,
intipemi string,
cdpercsf string,
des_cdpercsf string,
inrephos string,
incselec string,
incolgnp string,
inesquem string,
des_inesquem string,
inimpref string,
incocero string,
incocece string,
des_incocece string,
inrecnac string,
des_inrecnac string,
inelicoa string,
inimprim string,
des_inimprim string,
cdnupoan string,
inobjnul string,
intipadm string,
des_intipadm string,
incocami string,
des_incocami string,
tcnumver decimal(8,0),
intitar string,
cdnumfec string,
inreembl string,
inautpln string,
indnegli string,
des_indnegli string,
cdadmfon string,
des_cdadmfon string,
nudiaenf decimal(3,0),
porecfra decimal(15,3),
poajust4 decimal(15,3),
cddepgob string,
nuasegca decimal(8,0),
poantcir decimal(11,6),
tctidedu string,
des_tctidedu string,
instaffu string,
vapririe decimal(11,6),
incobrda string,
inpolpre string,
des_inpolpre string,
intrasub string,
porcontr decimal(11,3),
cpasecol decimal(15,3),
cdetiseg string,
des_cdetiseg string,
incobcen string,
des_incobcen string,
porede03 decimal(11,3),
inesqded string,
tccdmovi string,
cdmctcoc string,
cdtippol string,
des_cdtippol string,
incobcee string,
des_incobcee string,
edrenacc decimal(8,0),
nudiacom decimal(15,3),
vafravip decimal(15,3),
innvomlc string,
cdsalfor string,
nupolico decimal(3,0),
inimptar string,
poajusga decimal(11,3),
inasisvi string,
inperedo string,
indiafac string,
inconpag string,
cdtipbon string,
des_cdtipbon string,
inreaseg string,
edmaxhij decimal(15,3),
inrpfsco string,
innegmul string,
des_innegmul string,
fetarvig decimal(11,3),
cdprcoor string,
inelcoan string,
des_inelcoan string,
incolaen string,
poajust1 decimal(15,3),
tcforpor string,
popagpri decimal(11,6),
inendcar string,
cdsubdeg string,
pocontri string,
tsultmod timestamp,
idmd5 string,
fechaaud timestamp,
sistorig string