num_poliza string,
num_version int,
cve_prod_tecnico string,
cve_prod_comercial string,
cve_prod_venta string,
id_objeto string,
sec_objeto string,
ult_sit string,
des_ult_sit string,
es_objeto string,
des_es_objeto string,
feiniobj int,
fefinobj int,
ininexde string,
tccdoig2 string,
incabram string,
des_incabram string,
dsclaoi4 string,
cdoculab string,
cdnumrec string,
inrieocu string,
cdreggmm string,
des_cdreggmm string,
porecobj decimal(11,3),
ininexla string,
cdactdep string,
dsrielab string,
indestin string,
feantini int,
cdclaesp string,
intipdic string,
des_intipdic string,
inrieimc string,
des_inrieimc string,
feantotr int,
cdsitrie string,
inriedep string,
cdgiroes string,
valabdep decimal(15,3),
cdpeprie string,
des_cdpeprie string,
vaexvela decimal(15,3),
dsclaoi1 string,
fecnaca int,
tctipper string,
tccdoig3 string,
nupesogm decimal(11,3),
noaseap2 string,
nufreact int,
inaviaci string,
inrielab string,
vaextman decimal(15,3),
dsnegemp string,
dsactdep string,
cddicmed string,
nuactdep int,
inriepre string,
des_inriepre string,
vapriacu decimal(15,3),
podesobj decimal(11,3),
ingasman string,
des_ingasman string,
tcestciv string,
des_tcestciv string,
cdantmed string,
cdalcoho string,
cdcuemed string,
inpartit string,
des_inpartit string,
poexpred decimal(15,3),
podestar decimal(7,6),
inbolavi string,
feantlab int,
feantfin int,
cdfiliac string,
dsestado string,
poactdep decimal(11,3),
cddescto string,
indevisf string,
vadedanu string,
des_vadedanu string,
dsclaoi2 string,
edtarifa int,
feantlai int,
cdrerise string,
incocero string,
vaexvede decimal(15,3),
tccopost string,
vatalla int,
inimedad string,
intiping string,
fecaleda int,
infumado string,
dsgrupap string,
inriemax string,
inimpobj string,
numenfer int,
cdactlab string,
nuactlab int,
vagastos decimal(15,3),
tccdoig4 string,
infrevue string,
nuasegca int,
intitdep string,
des_intitdep string,
noasecom string,
cdensepa string,
cdtempxp string,
des_cdtempxp string,
feantgnp int,
poactlab decimal(11,3),
feantotl int,
vacospos decimal(15,3),
vainmens decimal(15,3),
dsclaoi3 string,
inimpcod string,
cdestan string,
porede03 decimal(11,3),
inestlab string,
dsactlab string,
intiposa string,
inobjsel string,
inensepa string,
vadecony decimal(15,3),
noasecnv string,
incoaadi string,
des_incoaadi string,
inbebedo string,
fecalta int,
inpolgim string,
dsclaoi5 string,
cdamateu string,
vaextdic decimal(15,3),
vaextaut decimal(15,3),
podesder decimal(7,6),
intipaer string,
insexo string,
des_insexo string,
dsriedep string,
dsconmed string,
vainganu decimal(15,3),
clnumfol string,
cdidfisc string,
vacopmed decimal(15,3),
dsdelega string,
txnomcia string,
tccdoig5 string,
vanumver int,
cdtabaqu string,
poextobe decimal(11,3),
cddesti string,
inrecnat string,
des_inrecnat string,
inblopag string,
intraaer string,
tctipgas string,
tccdoig1 string,
indedanu string,
des_indedanu string,
noaseap1 string,
intaresp string,
tsultmod timestamp,
idmd5 string,
fechaaud timestamp,
sistorig string